Typo and update to 3.0 (#673)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/knowledge_base/tips/using_tables/index.md

The table definition `<|{food_df}|table|>` (a syntax often used in Taipy) has these parts:

1. `{food_df}`: This is a variable that holds data, like what someone ate in a day.

> 2. *table*: This is the name of the control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `table`: This is control type name.
```

> In this example, the data in *food_df* is a **pandas DataFrame**. If it works better for what 

Reviewer: I don't think you need to create a Pandas DataFrame at this point.
A dict of array will do just fine, and simplifies the reading.
That would depend on what you do with this variable elsewhere in the code...

Author: The Pandas Data frame will be useful in the article after.

Reviewer: 👌

## Modifying Data

Tables offer various properties for modifying data within the table. Notably, the *on_edit*, 

> *on_add*, and *on_delete* properties can receive a user-defined **callback** function. This 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*on_add*, and *on_delete* properties can receive user-defined **callback** functions. This 
```
